LONG TERM PICTURE

OF THE NEW COMPANY

Companies can have many possible futures. They can, for instance...

1. BUYOUT: Be purchased by a bigger company.
2. MERGE: Merge with another company of roughly the same size.
3. GO PUBLIC: Grow to such a large size that they sell stock on a public exchange.
4. FAIL: Close down and/or be broken apart by a bankruptcy court.

or simply:

5. ROI: Grow profitable enough to issue dividends to shareholder investors.

When a company is started, it is possible that any of these things can happen in the future. It is even possible
for ALL FIVE things to happen. Such is the unpredictable nature of business.

Even so, it is still a good idea to plan on what the DESIRED outcome of the company is. This affects early
decisions and, more importantly, sets up a common vision for everyone involved.

It is also a good idea to plan out what happens if an UNDESIRED outcome occurs.




The RED CANARY startup's desired outcome is Return on Investment (ROI).

That is, the long term goal is for the company to grow based on it's own profits and revenues
until it reaches a point of generating handsome revenues for it's private share holders.



Conversely,

The goal is NOT a BUYOUT. The company will not be seeking a buyer to purchase them. As such, the
company must be fully operational and self-sustaining. It will not be 'rescued' by a bigger player.

The goal is NOT a MERGER. The company is not neccessarily looking to 'join up' with another company.
As such, it must plan on re-inventing itself often enough to compete in a forever changing marketplace.

The goal is NOT to GO PUBLIC. There is no point in issuing stock options. There is no point in seeking
traditional funding rounds. "Selling My Shares" lottery is not an expected way to make any money.
Investors must make hard risk/reward calculations on dividends vs investment. Fortunately, the company
will not be subject to the whims of 'stock market opinion' and can make longer term decisions.

The goal is NOT to FAIL. Outside of various 'shady scams' nobody actually makes failure a goal. But I mention
for completeness. The company will need a plan for unexpected failure, but that is talked about elsewhere.


Having said all this, even with a RED CANARY plan, all things are still possible. It is up to the voting
shareholders to shape the future of the company.

